feat(app-71): pre seed with data + enforce runtime dependencies (#3)
CirclesUBI/land-local: visualizer/README.md

Run `./visualize-dependencies.sh` to generate a plant uml definition.

> Run './visualize-trust.sh' to generate a graphviz definition for the trust network in the blockchain-indexer db.

Author: ```suggestion
Run `./visualize-trust.sh` to generate a graphviz definition for the trust network in the blockchain-indexer database.
```

> Run './visualize-trust.sh' to generate a graphviz definition for the trust network in the blockchain-indexer db.

Author: ```suggestion
Run `./visualize-trust.sh` to generate a graphviz definition for the trust network in the blockchain-indexer database.
```

Maybe this script is also redundant and the JavaScript file can be called directly from the Shebang with `./visualize-dependencies.js`.
